Grandpa, what happened?
Left warp
Look at what you've done
How is this possible?
Su Wanqiu trusted you so much one night
Leave the whole project to you
Are these the clothes you are responsible for producing?
I ordered high-quality fabrics.
These are all toxic and inferior.
There are already many people who have symptoms of skin allergies
Some were even sent to the hospital in severe cases
Do you know
How much loss is this to our Su's guidance?
Yanyan is not like this
I have always been hands-on in the projects I participated in
Strict judge
There is absolutely no quality problem.
This muscle must be misunderstood
The evidence is solid, and you dare to quibble about you
I didn't say no.
I really don't have what you dare to say about me
Dongbole
court death